- Since the last meeting (4/3) we have...

allisondehaan:
Updated the format for the login page
Created a function logout page that logs out the user + authentication middleware
Worked on branch for the functional routing on the website to the logout page and home page
I created a similar look as login page and added a link so users could return to the login page (other than using nav bar)

evy:
completed the front-end for register
formatted register page to match the login page
added possible code in style.css for future use
began formatting home page css
added a brighter version of logo

Corvus111/Brandon:
Took inclusion of home.hbs as a partial out of main.hbs due to it being included in the {{{body}}}
Created message.hbs for future use in login error message.
Added a second command line in the docker. Allows for you to either run the test cases, or display the
    working website. Only one can be uncommented at a time.
Changed Users SQL table to users match previous labs naming style. Group agreed this was fine.
Changed Users to users when called in index.js 
Changed rest of SQL tables to match all lower case modal like users. Also fixed a few comma syntax errors 
    Docker was giving in create.sql
Commented out parts of the user SQL table to allow the register page to work, as we were trying to store
    information we did not request, causing errors. Can uncomment when needed.
Added username and password to the User variable in index.js 
Restructured login routes in index.js to get login page on the website.
Changed user SQL table passWordHash to be size 60, as bcrypt requires it to be exactly 60.
Worked on getting the positive and negative test cases to work for both register and login pages 
Added status codes to index.js for register and login for test cases 
Added some tests to check if username or password is either blank or undefined in register and login 
    routes.

tommy/uhmuon1: 
Made a create_todo partial with a form that takes 5 inputs: name, date, time, location, and description.
The date and time inputs are created with input types "date" and "time" so that the form entry is either for date/time, respectively.
Added this partial to the home page and tested its functionality.
Uploaded this to the create_todo_tommy branch.
